The first and more manifest way is the argument from motion. It is certain, and evident to our senses, that in the world some things are in motion. Now whatever is in motion is put in motion by another, for nothing can be in motion except it is in potentiality to that towards which it is in motion; whereas a thing moves inasmuch as it is in act. For motion is nothing else than the reduction of something from potentiality to actuality. But nothing can be reduced from potentiality to actuality, except by something in a state of actuality. Thus that what is actually hot, as fire, makes wood, which is potentially hot, to be actually hot, and thereby moves and changes it. Now it is not possible that the same thing should be at once in actuality and potentiality in the same respect, but only in different respects. For what is actually hot cannot simultaneously be potentially hot; but it is simultaneously potentially cold. It is therefore impossible that in the same respect and in the same way a thing should be both mover and moved, i.e. that it should move itself. Therefore, whatever is in motion must be put in motion by another, and that by another again. But this cannot go on to infinity, because then there would be no first mover, and, consequently, no other mover; seeing that subsequent movers move only inasmuch as they are put in motion by the first mover; as the staff moves only because it is put in motion by the hand. Therefore it is necessary to arrive at a first mover, put in motion by no other; and this everyone understands to be God.

By motion Aquinas (or Latin) meant change in physical, material things. Change is a broader category than motion; it encompasses motion. There are four kinds of (ontological) changes:

1. Qualitative - e.g. in temperature, color, becoming musical (child learns to play the piano), plant bears fruit
2. Quantitative - change in quantity and shape (e.g. small -> larger)
3. In space and position
4. In generation and corruption - physical things come to be and cease to be

So there's a lot of physical things that are changing each other. Everything is depending on everything else; nothing is autonomous. Now, you can ask a question, is this everything? Aquinas says no, you can't explain things by always referring to another thing that the previous thing is depending on. You have to have something that's transcendent of all the series of ordered interdependent causes, that is itself immaterial, not subject to material dependency and change, but which is purely actual.

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hu2-rrJ9aFw
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdjjqFSEJ_Y
